You let go and you don't let go
I'll be rude to you.
Yellow Duck
Violent man
Princess
Prince, what's wrong with him?
Prince, he is too sad to pass out.
Come and help me
Oh good lord
You will get better in a while
Let me stay in the palace to continue diagnosis and treatment
The medicine has been used in time
The emperor should be fine
But is he willing to believe me?
You don't make the same mistake twice.
If you do it
You'll be dead before I die
Why don't you listen to what I have to say?
What poison are you scared of?
Poisoned the Supreme Emperor in the palace
Am I dying? Say
That's not poison
It's emergency medicine.
The situation of the emperor
It's not as bad as the imperial doctor said
I'm saving him
This king did not know that he had married a legendary doctor
Let's go with this king to the front of my father and emperor to take the crime. Let's go
Ok I'll take the blame
At that time, I will say that you support it.
Do you think Father will believe
Then I'll say Chu Mingcui
I bit him to death
I asked your sweetheart to be buried with me
You dare to frame him
I think it's too long, you Yu Wenhao
I didn't let you bully me by sending it to your palace
You used to be a soldier who defended your country
You bully a woman like that
What kind of hero are you?
This king never wanted to marry you, a poisonous woman
Since you set me up
Why should I suffer all this?
Not to mention
You are now plotting against my grandfather
This king is going to kill you now, don't kill you
Please do something
Divorce me before you kill me
I will not die as you, Princess Chu